# Capstone.github.io

  Throughout my computer science journey I have used multiple products, and softwares to demonstrate a range of ideas, and abilities that allow me to work with modern industry quality code and coding practices. The wide range of course work has given me many strengths and abilities I’m now able to leverage, of these skills certain mindsets have developed which apply to various projects outside of the artifacts highlighted here. Cyber security has grown to be increasingly important, with more media attention, as well as higher stakes then ever as more things go cloud based. The skills developed within these courses has enabled me to have a better critical lens of which I can evaluate cyber security incidents, and prevent them. This comes in the form of code reviews, as well as understanding how various systems interact to prevent potential attack surfaces. 
  
Computer science is about a lot of skills interacting with each other, to none technical users it can almost sound like speaking a foreign language. One of the most important skills you’ll see from my artifacts and code review is the ability to collaborate within a team, and communicate with stakeholders technical information in an easily digestible way. This is similar to how it works in a working organization, you’ll have to work with team members who may not be as technical, and break down crucial concepts to them in ways they can understand. This obviously applies to stakeholders as well, conveying the benefits and drawbacks of certain options, not a bunch of technical jargon that means nothing to them. We see this take place within the three artifacts I enhanced and display below, each of these artifacts touches upon core principles of computer science engrained through my courses. Data structures and algorithms has to do with the speed and efficiency of code, I’m able to take a less efficient artifact and bring it to industry standard of the highest efficiency attainable using better coding practices. I display data in a real measurable way with my software engineering and database artifact, instead of the initial purpose of just meeting course outcomes. Information is important, and should be easily read at a glance, we talked abot the important of conveying ideas earlier, and this is an extension of that. Good data, and good displayed data, should be understood to none technical users quickly so they can work off of it. Finally, talking about security, I take an artifact that is very unsecure, and bring it up to modern secure practices. While a security mindset is important to develop, the ability to utilize the skill like you would any craft is equally important, and is displayed below. 

In summary, all of these artifacts exist and demonstrated understanding I had prior to the new experience I’ve gained. Computer science is constantly involving, and for individuals that is equally true, we are constantly improving and picking up new skills on which we improve ourselves. Each of these artifacts are things I could clearly see multiple problems with, while being in a wide range of subject matters, and I was able to enhance now with my increased understanding and experience. 


